feat: add cloud doc layout (#78)
tensorchord/pgvecto.rs-docs: src/cloud/manage/project.md

# Projects

> With PGVecto.rs Cloud, everything starts with the project. It is the top-level object in the hierarchy. A project can hold as many `Postgres` cluster needs. The maximum number you can create and join to a project is 5. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With PGVecto.rs Cloud, everything starts with the project. It is the top-level object in the hierarchy. A project can hold as many `Postgres` clusters as needed. The maximum number of projects you can create and join is 5. 
```
